Welcome back.
Next up, in this video, we're going to be coding up this section here and maybe this section, we'll
see where we get to, but of course it doesn't look this nice just yet.
Right now it looks like this real, real, real nice.
Don't worry, folks, this will look a lot nicer as we start to style things up.
But right now we're just kind of focusing on the HTML with some of those utility classes that we've
been going through to give some some layout but add some structure.
But it's really in the case that things are going to start to come together.
So let's head down here and put some space so we can see that screen a little better.
And we're going to after this mobile nav section, we're going to add what is called or what we're going
to call the title banner.
So we're going to use the section tag.
It's just an equal five tag.
The class of title Dash banner will be that's going to be a style that we are going to be using a class
name that we're going to be using.
That's not a bootstrap bootstrap specific class.
And we have a div.
It's going to be a class of container that's going to wrap it in the container inside of there.
We're going to do a row row row.
There we go.
OK.
After that, we're going to have another div and this one is going to have this is going to where our
content's going to be.
So we're going to need to do a few things.
We want to put it and put it in a column, offset it.
So it's in the center and center, align the text.
So we're going to do all that right now.
So we're gonna go call Dash M.D. Dash 10.
So it's a 10 column section Offset Dash, M.D., Dash one.
So.
So for the medium screen size and up, it's going to offset it.
One column from the left.
So the way this works is you kind of always want to add up to or be under 12 columns when you do your
math.
So in this case, 10 column grid, plus an offset of one is 11.
So that's totally fine because what's going to happen is it's going to have the 10 column width.
So let's just say like, let's go over and view it right here.
So let's say that this is let's say this is 12 columns that width there and probably that is 10 columns.
But if we just left it at 10 columns, it's going to be sitting over here.
So if we offset it by one column, then it's going to center that column where there's going to be kind
of an empty space.
Column here and an empty space column there.
Now another way of doing this would just you could just make it 12 columns and just center line the
text.
That's totally fine, too.
But if you were to have a lot of text here, like on a blog individual post where your post title is
particularly long.
So if we just added a bunch of like pretend words, then that's going to sit in the 10 column width.
I'll show you here if I were to change that to like a 12 column width and remove the offset.
Then it would sit like that, and I don't know it just a little bit wide.
So we changed it to be a call medium.
10.
See how it sits over there.
So we're going to do the offset.
Offset, maybe one offsets it like that just gives it some left margin.
OK, so let's get back to it.
That's how that works.
Called ash smashed 12 That means on a small screen size small break points make it a 12 column span.
The full width of the viewport offset Assam zero.
We don't necessarily need to add that because on the M.D., it's going to just break.
It won't it won't use this class, but you could do that as a failsafe if you want.
It's also quite possible that that's not even necessary.
Overflowed Dash hidden, so we don't want any techs to overflow outside of the column and we want the
text to be centered, so text Dash Center say that we're going to see what happened here.
OK, right?
You're not going to see anything because there's no text.
So why don't we do that first?
So we have our structure.
Let's add a run at a paragraph tag and a level one heading in the paragraph tag.
Let's say bootstrap to WordPress course, which have to WordPress 2.0 course or, of course, 2.0,
whatever.
And then in here, we'll say blog, so the classes are going to add for this is we're going to have
this paragraph be like this.
We want it to look like this kind of like the eyebrow of the of the title.
So we're going to say tag dash line.
What's going on is that class and sub dash title.
And then the one it's going to have the class.
Page Dash title, and that's we're going to use that to target that in our CSR.
Save that.
And we should have some member go smaller paragraph text.
Headline text.
It's centered in that column, but of course, it doesn't look very good right now.
That's all good.
Great.
So that's our title banner.
We kind of scaffold that up, scaffolded that up.
Now, let's add the Subscribe bar, which is this right here?
So if you want to have a call to action or an opt in bar, something like that, let's do that.
So another section we're going to give that the class of subscribed dash bar.
A container, dev.
A road if.
And then in here, we're going to have a few things, so we've got a death called Dash Smash six.
That basically means we want it to always be a six column regardless of screen size.
So that's that outside of that, we want another death with the class of Call Dash Smash six.
So that equals 12 so to six columns.
So it's going to look like two columns.
But you wanted to add it up to 12.
So six and six, six, 12, so essentially two columns, if that makes sense inside of the first one,
we're going to have a paragraph tag and a strong tag and we're going to say we want to save 20 percent,
something like that.
And then in this second column, here we're going have a form.
Now this is just dummy form.
But if you wanted to use like your opt in form from your email marketing provider emailed the email
marketing tool, then you could just paste it in there into their eyes.
ConvertKit so I would just paste an embed form.
Oh, for now, I'm just going to like this div um, class of row.
And then.
Div called Dash MMD Dash eight four eight columns.
We're going to have input text.
And then outside of that, we're going to have different class of call MD for.
And then a button with the class.
Of BTN and BTN Dash Invert, those are bootstrap classes.
And subscribe to see what that looks like.
Probably nothing too nice, but we got our lay out there.
All right.
We got something going on.
OK.
Again, folks, now this is this is hard for me to look at as well.
I like designing while I do the markup, but I'm just trying to separate these things for you so we
could just do one and then the other.
OK, now let's leave it at that.
We'll call that a win.
Or we did our title banner and our subscriber.
And then in the next lesson, we'll keep going and then we'll coat up kind of the content area with
the posts, the post section here.
And then that'll be the bulk of that.
And then we'll be off to the next templates.
All right.
It's rock and roll.